Update token bridge Docs to 2.0 (#692)
rsksmart/devportal: tools/tokenbridge/faq.md

## How many confirmations are required to convert the original tokens to Side tokens and vice-versa?

Confirmations depends on the amount being crossed:
- small amonuts needs 60 confirmations on the RSK Mainnet, and 120 confirmations on the Ethereum Mainnet
- medium amonuts needs 120 confirmations on the RSK Mainnet, and 240 confirmations on the Ethereum Mainnet

> - large amounts needs 2880 confirmations on the RSK Mainnet, and 5760 confirmations on the Ethereum Mainnet.

Reviewer: let's define  the values for small, medium, and large amounts... or provide a link with a reference for those values.

Author: The values are per token basis and they are bound to change, so it's better to get them from the web page.
The link is in the line below this ones
https://github.com/rsksmart/devportal/pull/692/files#diff-d5656ccef21377c91c0cc77d9f60edad25f769ffc34e94462e30c3d2f84c1d17R71

> Confirmations depends on the amount being crossed:
> - small amonuts needs 60 confirmations on the RSK Mainnet, and 120 confirmations on the Ethereum Mainnet
> - medium amonuts needs 120 confirmations on the RSK Mainnet, and 240 confirmations on the Ethereum Mainnet
> - large amounts needs 2880 confirmations on the RSK Mainnet, and 5760 confirmations on the Ethereum Mainnet.
> 
> You can see them on [https://tokenbridge.rsk.co](https://tokenbridge.rsk.co/?#token-list)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Confirmations depends on the amount being crossed:

- Small amounts needs 60 confirmations on the RSK Mainnet, and 120 confirmations on the Ethereum Mainnet.
- Medium amounts needs 120 confirmations on the RSK Mainnet, and 240 confirmations on the Ethereum Mainnet.
- Large amounts needs 2880 confirmations on the RSK Mainnet, and 5760 confirmations on the Ethereum Mainnet.

> Note that the values of small, medium, and large amount are defined per token basis,
> and may change over time.
> You can see these amounts defined in the [Token List](https://tokenbridge.rsk.co/?#token-list).
```
